or let me set the context for the video
in this video we have Joe from drip drip
is an application on Solana that air
drops a lot of compressed nfts they were
one of the first companies to use the
compressed nft standard we'll understand
their journey of pivoting from a offline
only model they were earlier a different
company called Solana spaces that did a
bunch of offline spaces on Solana
eventually they pivoted to a purely
digital product that's heavily related
to nfts um so we'll understand how did
this pivot happen what is their back end
in and surprisingly their back end is
written in Elixir which you wouldn't
hear a lot of web three companies do
that um why they made that choice the
architecture is very different from how
you would expect a normal app to work
and the challenges that they're facing
currently the challenges also lead to
mounties since their back end is in
Elixir and elixir isn't a language
commonly used across the Solana
ecosystem we don't have a lot of good
Elixir clients to interact with
contracts we have typescript and rust
clients usually usually when someone
deploys a contract they write typescript
and rust clients for it U rarely will
you find someone write an Elixir
contract so the Bounty for today for
$11,000 is building native implemented
functions in Elixir what is a If U think
of it like you being able to call a rust
function under the hood U using the
Elixir language um right now if you go
through the podcast you'll see they do
something very similar but with
typescript um even though their back end
is in Elixir they're somehow using the
typescript client to interact with the
contract the goal of the mount is not
really to build a client in Elixir from
scratch but to use the rust SDK for the
specific contract and build native
implemented functions in Elixir so that
for the folks at drip or other people
who want to interact with that contract
they can easily do it using an Elixir
client rather than depending on
typescript or rust the specific program
that we're talking about here is the
metaplex bubblegum program um and know
it's a weird name but most metaplex nft
standards are named this way you might
have heard of candy machine in the past
um it's a contract deployed on the
Solana blockchain and you have to write
an Elixir client that under the hood is
calling the rust client to interact with
the contract I hope to see a few
submissions on the Bounty it's linked in
the description and for everyone else
let's get into the podcast
so let's take things off with the salana
spaces journey is there anything like
very technical in there or very
difficult to implement as an engineer or
was that fairly simple of to navigate
yeah so salana space is a little bit was
it like a major change in terms of all
the technology things that you are doing
because it's it's one thing to be a
physical first business and then you
have to move move to a primary a digal
first product right yeah um this it's
really tough to say I think it's uh it's
more of I'm I'm curious to learn more
about do you have to go through any kind
of shift in terms of your thinking to
actually architect around these
constraints um I I'd say the biggest one
is just really built that's the first
time I'm hearing that architecture um is
this called something U like getting rid
of rest all across and just focusing on
websockets and having in memory data
have you used this somewhere in the past
is there a reason you architected it
this way um I mean we definitely have
used like
[Music]
a hello hello hello welcome everyone to
the only deaths podcast today we have
with us Joe the CTO of dip house the if
you are in the salana ecosystem DP house
is one of
the the leading consumer crypto products
in Solana and of course all of
crypto so so excited and happy to have
you here
so thanks for having me excited to be
here cool uh maybe let's kick things off
with your journey Jo when did you get
into coding a little bit uh do you work
in the Sal ecosystem before drip uh and
you know how long have you been working
in web
3 um yeah so it goes back quite a ways
um 15 years plus uh Engineering in
general um all the way way back to
people probably remember
Myspace um and then a few startups uh
since then eventually um at beta and
then uh Salon of spaces which then led
into drip so it's h it's been a pretty
interesting Journey uh as far as salana
definitely salana spaces was my uh first
you go kind of introduction into the web
SE web 3 side of things
got it and Sala spaces was the initial
company that started that eventually
sort of pivoted to drip which is what
you're currently working on right right
exactly at the tail end of salana spaces
uh we really kind of found um you know
something with the the drip concept and
it started taking off and
um th This was
precompression um and the model you know
was air drops and um you know that kind
of uh we we hit a interesting point
there toward uh the when compression
became available where it was it was
getting really scary in terms of uh the
cost associated with what we were doing
so that was uh the timing of compression
was pretty important for
us got it U let's take things off with
the salana spaces is there anything like
very technical in there or very
difficult to implement as an engineer or
was that fairly simple uh to
navigate on the uh on the compression
side no way before that like when you
started salana spaces and maybe even
more context what is what was Solana
spaces yeah so salana SPAC is a little
bit different more um you know retail
concept so we're talking about more kind
of like back office type you know uh
Inventory management systems uh tutorial
systems that we we did some kind of
innov things around in store tutorials
that connect to uh
devices uh like kind of like iPads in
the store uh where somebody could go
through them so we had a lot of
interesting technology but very
different um from the stuff we're
working on now so we' we'd have uh you
know kind of like websocket connections
between all the devices and be able to
kind of centrally manage them and uh run
different tutorials and track everything
so very interesting problems just quite
different yeah I remember visiting
Salena spaces in New York like back in
202 22 it it was uh it was much more
than a retre space it was like there was
lot of Technology all around you and for
any anyone who just walks into this you
know shop in a posh Mall they're
probably going they're thinking hey is
this like a design band or whatever that
fooks them in and
it was so s so surprising and also very
very cool to see all different sort of
tutorials you could use you could in
fact like you know go set up your first
Phantom wallet you could get discounts
if you pay with usdc and so on
so so what what led
to was it like a major change in terms
of all the technology things that you
were doing because it's it's one thing
to be a physical first business and then
you have to move move to a primary a
digital first product right so how did
things change internally that did it
mean that you had to become like an
engineering first AR or would love to
you know hear you talk about the
transition
there yeah um this it's really tough to
say I think it's um it's more of just
the the aspect that we saw really kind
of uh take off out of everything and you
know I'm sure uh just the general
overhead and costs associate with a
retail business are far different than
um you know a non- retail business so
I'm sure that's a big part of it and
then when you see the kind of a
momentum really catching around
something you kind of just say we need
to maybe put more more or all of our
effort toward this
direction got it that that makes a lot
of sense um so in this transition of
moving to uh know building something
like drip uh I would assume back then he
was just minting NFS you know without
any compression um so could you talk
through the very first version of trip
that was made the very first drop that
was done the challenges that you saw
there oh yeah yeah we we went through uh
quite a series of different Styles and
challenges so the the earliest days of
it were um just really one by one um and
I think since the begin I think pretty
much since the beginning we did have a
good concept of the necessity of like uh
you know robustness and ensuring that if
we're starting a job to to Mint
something to someone we need to follow
that through and account for all the
failures that can go along the way but
in the earliest days that was uh
incredibly slow so I can't remember
exactly how large like our first ever
airdrop was probably like a thousand or
something but that that probably took
the better part of a day um because we'd
you know kind of serially go through
them M Mint one make sure it worked
correctly at the time also with the
metadata
we were um you know going through as as
part of that process like serially
creating that metadata per
mint um and you know at the end of the
day those those probably cost a decent
piece you know each so as things evolved
um we even prior to
compression we switched over started
using cross Min to um me um
to traditional nfts at the time um and
that definitely we built systems around
that for the same kind of robustness
follow a job through from start to
finish ensure that it went correctly um
ensure that anything that fail gets
redone and we're not duplicating any
mints um when compression
landed uh then things really started to
pick up we started to there weren't
things is already out there for it right
so we really like took it kind of on
internally and said okay we need to now
bring this kind of all inhouse
essentially to how we're going to do
this so we we built our own systems
around um around those mints and at the
time also back then we were doing true
you know all at once airdrops right so
500,000 like just as fast as possible um
and uh that worked really well back in
like the I think it was like kind of mid
2023 um we were doing well I think it's
you know largely because there wasn't as
much contention for you know doing doing
things on on chain as as there became
but um we could get those out we I think
we could do like a 100,000 an hour if if
memory
serves um that quickly became a problem
I think it was uh not sure the exact
timing of it it might have been
around
March of uh
2024 when things got you know really
contentious with the network and
everything and um then we moved more to
a model of uh like the user has to
essentially like crank right so if the
user clicks we mint um but we don't mint
until that happens um which is good for
a number reasons like one is if the if
the user isn't actually interested then
why why do the work I spend the money uh
to do the men but also even if we were
to automate it more like the user being
involved provides like a natural pace to
everything so they you can't just you
know you could just Pace it
out um programmatically but then you're
not really getting like that Jitter
involved in uh in the S so it's actually
really nice to have that natural aspect
to it um and along with that all the you
know all the aspects like our our
minting system we had to work through a
lot of configuration around like the
rate limiting we're imposing upon
ourselves um because you know well while
we have no problem sending out you know
100,000 200,000 an hour uh the network
definitely has a problem with it and uh
so we we had to kind of like fiddle with
those numbers and and um you know what
what would make it also the priority
fees and all that stuff that came along
figuring out how that worked so yeah
it's been interesting but um as it
stands now yeah the the system is just
extremely robust at this
point you you mentioned the network Etc
right I I think it touches upon an
important aspect of building in building
in web 3 versus other
traditional web too mainly because if
you were to treat Solana as your main
database it's the main database which is
also multi-tenant and that that's not
part of your core infrastructure so you
don't really have any control over what
kind of throughput that you can get out
of the system and you don't really have
like you know the root access to the
knobs to tune the system right so it's
coming from a traditional web to
engineering background moving to you
know working with systems where you
can't really tune this knobs what was
the I'm I'm curious to learn more about
how you approach this and you know what
was the internal d did you have to go
through any kind of shift in terms of
your thinking to actually architect
around these
constraints um I I'd say the biggest one
is just really built thinking about
robustness like from the beginning um
also maybe something that's a little bit
different uh is that because we were air
Dr we are airdropping everything we we
don't uh have anybody sign for anything
right we're we're doing the uh the
entire thing end to end like in a lot of
cases if you aren't doing that you have
the it's it's up to essentially the user
to retry their transaction or the user
to follow through in our case like we
we're the user every single mint right
we're uh so that just understanding
that speed is the goal but speed is like
achieved by being being extremely robust
like and highly concurrent not like per
necessarily like how fast can I get this
single one through but how fast can I
make sure all of them successfully get
through um so that yeah and having the
ability to you know ensure that happens
was pretty
important interesting would you mind
talking a little bit more about like
what your internal
what these systems look like sure yeah
uh so yeah drip runs Elixir uh we we run
elixir in uh we deploy it on kubernetes
um it's backed by you essentially a
postgress database we're we're currently
running alloy DB in Google Cloud um
pretty high CPU instance of is 64 CPU
instance uh with uh like 512 gigs of RAM
so it's it's
definitely um it's served us really well
but essentially in the
beginning it started out more as the
thought of like over provisioning and
and being sure that it was capable which
it which it has been um in you know now
essentially we more in the
uh kind of making up for being able to
get away with a lot of things because of
that over provisioning and trying to
work it back the other direction and uh
make it more efficient at a you know at
a smaller scale which would be just
using the resources better um so yeah
Elixir has been really important for us
kind of like one of our secret
weapons um just in terms of its
robustness in general the things you
don't have to to concern yourself is as
much with that you you may uh in other
spaces so like that's just been a nice
thing to be able to rely on um the job
queuing itself uh is a also postgress
backed so we we use particularly in our
ecosystem in elixir in a library called
Oban um which uses
postgress uh for the jobs and you know
that's an interesting thing because you
would think it could be potentially
slower or a problem but I mean it's just
been absolutely incredible so they've
done great work on
that wow Elixir is an interesting choice
like value were you all Alan programmers
like you know before or like how did you
choose how get C you guys choose a
vixer um well it's something I've been
doing since probably around 2018 or so
um we started with it I'm pretty sure in
um at salana spaces as
well um I I brought another engineer
in I even back then Sal during Salon
spaces uh Rea who um you know basically
picked up earling and not llang but
Elixir
specifically um and uh yeah she's been
excellent at it picked it up really easy
so um it's it's definitely something
that uh can can be done it's not it's
not a hard language it's um just it's
actually very simple if you think about
it because you're you're kind of dealing
more about with modules and functions
rather than like classes and methods and
uh inheritance and all these other
things so it starts to let you think
about more like input output
Simplicity yeah and also I think the
underlying actor mod the actor model
itself kind of lends itself to all the
all the problems that you spoke about
right in terms of making sure that you
know you execute things concurrently and
you want to have this insane robustness
towards making sure everything happens
so was that like a deliberate Choice
towards picking this or that was like a
side effect of the choice that you guys
mean I mean I think it's one of the
things we're just thankful to have uh
just B you know because of Elixir
because of the beam um and we probably
take it for granted to some degree
because it's just uh something we're
used to at this point
um yeah I I think you know what I I can
say that like one thing we do think
about a lot is like that actual minting
side like where we're creating
instructions for mints like that part's
not in um Elixir so to create the
instructions that we're actually going
to send as transactions were we we kind
of wrote a um a little bit of a
microservice in node.js which we we call
midgard which um just lets us from
Elixir hick out and do things that are
very easy to do with a node
Library um you know and then kind of
pass it back to us and then we kick it
back out and and execute the transaction
so there is room for optimization
because um like one thing I've been
thinking about a lot
recently is we're it seems like that
seems like a lot of inefficiency to me
to to have to kick out and um Elixir
itself has a very nice and tight like
rust inter uh
interoperability uh way you can go where
you know a lot of these things under the
hood even though we're using a node
microservice like those things are
really based on a a rust Library
essentially right that they're they're
mimicking so if we can just cut out the
middleman and you know kind of uh work
directly with the rust libraries from
Elixir I think that would be a humongous
performance optimization for
us very cool U so you think Solana
doesn't have any official sdks for
elixor
yet um I actually haven't checked
recently I I should um we we've pretty
much the thing with our system is
because it uh is constantly churning out
uh mint like you know it's it's just
very stable uh and that certain aspects
are very stable moving certain
pieces gets a little bit tricky and
risky so there's there definitely areas
we could explore that maybe things have
changed since but there's also hasn't
been much reason to because it works so
well right
now that makes
sense so I'm looking at uh the library
that you mentioned oan so I'm assuming U
this takes of all the retries um and you
know fail transactions so you don't have
to uh and spend a lot of time you know
writing a lot of retry logic and and
this is all repto stuff like after that
you create the transaction and forward
it to an RPC is that right yeah uh one
of the things we started from day one
was essentially recording the
transaction hash before we ever send the
transaction right and um we're
persisting that then we're trying it
then what we do is uh we have web hooks
from helus that tell us uh if it
completed if those don't fire what
happen you you got a plan for all
failure scenarios right so if if that
doesn't happen then we're looking at
essentially like the block uh Val valid
block height if that's P we start
quering for things that we haven't
received notific on past their allowed
lifetime essentially and then if if uh
we go through those and we manually
check them um ourselves which I kind of
call like the slow route like if if it
goes down the slow route it can happen
especially when we've seen like uh the
seasons of like these massive numbers of
lost transactions like we yeah there
were there were periods of time within
the last like 12 months where we
probably get like 5% of what we were
sending through um which was uh yeah
much much harder so a lot of things
going down the slow
route um but yeah then once you get to
the end of that if at the end you have
no uh mint out of it the transaction's
considered lost um it we don't really
have fail like fail is isn't really uh
something we've ever run into unless we'
made a silly mistake that we've
corrected but um the mostly it's lost
transactions that have that we've
experienced and then we just go through
the process again we uh generate a new
instruction set transaction hash update
you know what we're checking and just
start
over thank Co architecture sounds very
similar to how withdrawals happen in a
few exchanges U to avoid double spending
and you know double withdrawals very
cool
um so one thing that I'm curious about
is like after post
compression did you guys have to like
run your own instance of Tas or is that
like the RPC Pro takes care of that for
you because that feels like uh a major
in compared to pre-compression to post
compression that's the new
infrastructure component that got added
and it's a major lift in terms of the
infrastructure that one needs to
maintain to be able to serve nfts and
make sure the state is correct right so
do you guys run B on your own they would
love love to hear you talk more about
that yeah we've never run Das um we've
always used helus for das uh which has
been excellent uh for a very long time
up until actually just the last couple
weeks um what we would do for
serving users vaults which we we call
like their vault like the essentially
things you own or things you could own
you could
secure um and we would
periodically fetch uh from Das all of
the users Collectibles um and the
another kind of tricky aspect to what
we're doing is for many drip users the
vast majority of things they have are
drip uh you know based nfts the problem
is some of them right it's it's hard
most are so for us what we learned is it
makes sense to actually go and take a a
wallet and just grab all of that user's
uh nfts and then filter out the ones
that aren't drip because the other way
trying to go through each of our
collections is um you know very Hit or
Miss like we we have thousands of
Collections and if we have to go ask a
thousand times per
user how you know what do they have of
this collection the hit ratio is not
there right so um for a very long time
we were just grabbing the entire users
uh
nfts and then holding it essentially in
our own blob cach uh which was extremely
inefficient um be but and we had to
periodically refresh it rather than
being essentially real time uh what
we've been uh up to and and kind of done
more recently is now we finally have the
the data set on our side of the proper
current owner of everything and when
they when they uh received it when they
became the owner of it at so we're
actually avoiding d uh for most Vault
activities
now um which is a big win because where
there's no more periodic
caching um and it's essentially yeah
instant
so that's been a pretty nice thing and
that's um we're doing that by following
the simple hash cafka
topics it's awesome looks like I think
this one thing that's worth touching
upon here is like these are conflicts in
I mean these are engineering decisions
that you have to make right for example
when you're rolling out you know the
significantly changes what your product
does and also how you serve data now how
do you it would be great to hear you
talk about how you actually make this
engineering decision because often times
in startups you know you uh literally
have to kind of roll and run with the
punches
because it things just move so quickly
so it it would be great to hear you talk
about you know how you make this
decisions the culture that is there
internally
yeah I mean on on a just a bigger
picture aspect of it um you know we just
have a great theme of people so usually
we're we're just um throwing ideas
around talking things through and um we
have a lot of experience on the team
which you know means our gut instinct a
lot of time gets us pretty close um and
off to a great start and uh uh you know
on the yeah on the engineering side we
we can cut through a lot of the maybe
like
initial uh proof of concept phases
because probably one of us at least on
the team has has dealt with a very
similar problem that they can relate to
the one we're working on and can get us
pretty close to a solution right off the
bat and then what we do is um just
iterate from there so so uh you know
once something's out we just kind of see
how it how it's going it every time we
do something new problems pop up um you
know you can especially think about that
related to like Cil related things uh
new problems will pop up very quickly
any anytime you make changes there so um
yeah I'd say that's generally our
strategy is just uh kind of rely on our
experience and uh get a good Head Start
and then fine
tune yeah on the note of civil civilist
this game of vam right like it's there
is no perfect solution to this and you
would have had to deal with it like even
pre-compression probably was a lot more
wor because people have much more you
know eligious behavior of actually
burning the nfts and collecting the soul
out of it at small scale it doesn't make
sense but then if you're sponsoring all
of those mins then that means it
actually wants a whole in your pocket
right so from from that to now
compression I'm pretty sure you know
people are uh kind of speculating that
since it is crypto that might be a token
or there might be some incentive to go
ahead and for one person to act like you
know 100 or a th000 right
so how do you deal with like these two
stages represent different scale and
different behaviors and also um prepar
also looks like different symtoms of
scale of the Civil attacks you would
have to deal with
right yeah it's been quite an evolution
of um things we've gone through with
that so we we definitely started off
trying to like plug holes essentially
and and kind of like uh react to
problems we
saw um we kind of moved into a period of
uh proactive
handling um where we implemented things
like uh Cloud Flare's Turn Style which
is essentially an invisible
capture uh we you know we we've just
gone through so many different
iterations of it I think where I you
know more and more just come down on it
these days is that
it really kind of if you if you nail the
economic part of it um that solves a lot
of the problem um it's it's when you're
you haven't thought through the
economics that you're really open to uh
the the
attacks could you elaborate on what you
mean by the economics
here yeah so um if there's zero cost ENT
for uh the user to to exploit something
um and then you know they realize they
can fire up uh a thousand of these
accounts or uh you know more and and
then they can do it at scale right so um
if there's an economic cost even if it's
small as long as it's built in it just
it creates that uh it creates that like
roadblock to them to really have to
think about like is this actually going
to be worth it because they have to put
skin in the
game um and you know there still is
potentially in some cases where you know
there is an economic aspect but it's
small enough where if they feel like
they can supercale their uh attack
Vector maybe there still is a benefit
but it becomes more and more
questionable also kind of some
the things that we've done that are like
I would put in like more of like an
unpredictability kind of category of um
going and uh like Mass Banning a bunch
of users that we found to be doing
something wrong um that you know that
might make somebody's day somebody have
a pretty bad day and you might make
somebody think twice about if if their
economic decision was the right one or
not so yeah just I I guess there's no
100% answer to it other than you've got
to tackle it from like every angle
possible makes sense
awesome so I I saw that you guys are
that there is a drip
app could you talk a little bit more
about the drip app and how that change
the drip mobile app um yeah I don't work
on a mobile app specifically but um yeah
I uh I do I do use it I like it um it's
been it's gotten really good usage
lately uh which is really nice to see um
it is yeah it's just a nice thing to be
able to have like such an a native
interface um it's feeling very quick
um so I think a lot of things are
getting worked out there does it mean
that and does it change like the you
know the number of uses and skill that
you have to operate them because
majority of uh your existing crypto
trffic
is you have the crypto internet the the
crypto Twitter and then you have rest of
the world like crypto Twitter kind of
lives in on Twitter and they are to
their shares they you know on a desktop
or a laptop
whereas you know when you that's
probably the starting demography right
like when you move move away from that
towards like a primary a mobile first
experience that also that also means
that so net new set of users so I'm just
curious to learn more about like what
what it means for the you know your
systems internally and what it means for
like scale Etc sure I I think what we
see right now with it is that the
retention is amazing uh with the the
mobile app um the I think the problem
with it right now is that it's a it's a
internal like test flight
only thing so I think what you're
getting at is would you see a takeoff um
with the mobile app and I think the
answer is probably yes but it would have
to be out there available to people you
know in the normal ways they would grab
an app based on what we're seeing right
now though with the hurdles in place
just to get it um I'd say that it's
probably a good sign that it would do
very
well yeah the reason I'm asking this is
depends on the type of experience you
have right for example if you were
Stitch a timeline that in in a in a
mobile in a Mobile Pro experience people
are you know used to scrolling through
things it means that you have to preet a
lot of these things and Stitch a
timeline so when you have many of
these uh uses requesting is is that
similar to the product experience you
have on web or when it goes to mobile
does it change things significantly oh
um yeah no I understand yeah so for we
we use the same API web and mobile they
both um actually communicate over
websockets so um there's no I we
probably have a couple rest end points
somewhere I'm not probably for third
parties doing something but um the vast
majority of what we do is over the
websocket um that's for a few reasons
like just speed um we can do some
caching on the server for the lifetime
of that socket
connection um make lookups fast um like
one one thing that uh we were just
thinking through the other day actually
is if you were to look at the websocket
messages being sent you might you might
look and say wow that's a lot of uh
requests going through right but they're
not really request right because you're
really just paying back and forth um
like we check ownership we check to see
what your status of a specific
collectible is and that may happen a
hundred times but um it's all cash so
you're just basically
asking the server to tell you what it's
already got in memory if um if something
is essentially true or
false um so the the speed there is not
the concern the number of quests is not
the concern because the socket's already
open
so um all all that really does is save
the case of like imagine you know we we
have
a uh let's call like a five megabyte
payload of data that we can make the
server hold rather than shipping it over
in Json to the client and then having
like in one big swoop and then having
them kind of keep checking their own
stuff uh this way we just offload that
work make the server do some extra
work it's very interesting that's the
first time I'm hearing that architecture
um is this called something U like
getting rid of rest all across and just
focusing on websockets and having in
memory data have you used this sum in
the past is there a reason you
architected it this
way um I mean we definitely have used
like uh
websockets uh Phoenix channels
uh even back to salana spaces um a lot
of the realtime
aspects um we
yeah I don't I don't know exactly when
we we started doing it one thing it
relates to is essentially the whole
cibil discussion because um we realized
this was a barrier to entry uh in the
early days people figured it out people
but but it definitely caused uh you know
a a little blip in the road map of some
of the the people trying to do these
things so yeah
any I mean it's it's essentially in some
ways we use it almost like rest in that
kind of back enforce style but it also
gives us the ability to do much more
when we want
to I think
s and this is actually pretty cool yeah
I mean like this the first time I'm
hearing of such an
archit so essentially if I understood
cly you have the stream of messages
going between the websocket channels and
then you receive the messages and you
process that so in essence you have like
every individual client is a subscriber
to these topics and then they act upon
every message they
get so a lot of the heavy lifting is
also at the fed or like these messages
are
already
uh I'd say it's a hybrid I I'd say it's
more of um we we do have aspects where
the client is listening for certain
essentially like Pub sub type uh events
and handling things on their client side
um but then we do use it also just as
essentially rest that's over a websocket
so you know we're we're asking for your
Vault data we're getting back your Vault
data um and the client could decide to
do things with that there's certain
aspects of it where they um it's kind of
up to the client like how how far down
the road they want to go if they would
like
to persist certain data and if they
would like to um granular update data
client side they definitely there's
options to go down that road the but at
the they potentially could not do that
and just refetch data for over the same
uh Channel if that's easier I guess it
just depends on the use case we
have a lot of probably examples of each
use case so we've got like certain ones
that were Pub like basically
subscribing and reacting and then others
where it is more just just like uh fetch
paginate things like
that very interesting yeah it's the
first time I'm creating this
architecture I'm going to try it in a
project cool that's all the questions I
had Shake yeah I think we have pretty
much covered most of it uh I are you I a
lot of developers are going to be
listening into this podcast so are you
hiring for any open roles if if he has
like what type of uh you know Dev or
what type of skill sets are you looking
for not actively uh at the moment um you
know we've we've got uh quite a few
people right now who are doing a great
job and um I think we've got plenty
uh plenty plenty to go on right now um
but in terms of the things that we would
be if we were actively it would
definitely be you know
around that uh like rust specific and
like potentially interfacing with
Elixir um that that sort of thing uh
anybody who has you know extensive
database experience I think those are
those are really like the uh the skills
that can they can help in an area like
what we're doing um query optimization
uh you know just understanding the
complexity of the the schema and how
like knowing off the bat like what would
make an efficient query and what would
make it
inefficient um and then digging in and
analyzing and fine-tuning those things
um those are all very relevant skill
sets for
us awesome
that's all the questions we had Shake do
you have anything else yeah I think we
covered most of it thank you so much for
joining us Joe fantastic hearing the you
know the the stories From The Trenches
this is part of part of what the crypto
Twitter doesn't get to see what it
really you know takes to run a well oil
Machinery running I mean they just say
devs do something this is there's
actually a ton of things that
that deaths are doing behind the scenes
so thank you so much for joining us and
Sharing The Story of B with us excellent
thank you guys so much thank you have a
good day byebye take care have a good
day thank you J